Hey, this is Billy with Pluralsight,
and we're looking at how to write effective automated tests with Spring.
So far in this course,
we have been leaning how to structure our code and make it
easier to test and using tools provided by Spring to help
with testing our application.
In this module,
we're going to be looking at System Integration Testing to
ensure our applications play well with others.
In this module, we'll be covering what is system integration testing,
what unique goals we are trying to accomplish when writing system
integration tests versus other types of testing,
an introduction to TestContainers in Docker for system integration testing,
which will also include a demo on these tools in action, and an overview and hands-on demo of Spring Cloud Contract.